Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Finn: I don't want to argue.
Look. it's done. I'm out.
Ed: What do you
mean you're done?
Are you crazy? Seriously.
Thirty years.
Finn. Thirty years!
She's a child.
you're a grown man!
You could have
grandchildren older than her!
Where's your dignity?!
Finn: Dignity is what
I'm taking back!
Ed: Come on.
Marian will find
you and kill you.
Finn: Ed: Both of you.
Finn: Yeah.
No.
No she won't.
Because you're gonna
make sure she never finds out.
Ed: You took us there!
Once you know about them.
you can't just walk away!
Finn: It's done. Ed.
It's over to you now.
Alexander runs the money.
Let Sean build his buildings.
I'm giving you everything. Ed.
and all you have to do
is keep this to yourself.
That's all you have to do.
♪♪
Ed: Finn!
You can't just walk away!
Finn: It's all yours now. Ed!
Ed: We met as young teenagers
on the streets of London.
A city of closed doors.
By the time we were done...
there would not be one
single door in this city
that we could not get behind.
He led. I followed.
And I am so proud to have
worked for the man all these years.
I dedicate my heart
and soul to you.
♪♪
Woman: Hello. this
is Dave's Mechanics.
Please leave a
message after the beep
and we'll get back to you.
Elliot: Vic. Yeah. it's me.
Listen.
I'm looking at a lot
of faces on my wall
and something is missing.
Someone is missing.
There's someone
else above all this.
♪♪
Man: You need to get
these shipments moving.
Woman: I'm with him.
Man: I don't want
any more hold-ups.
Man #2: Okay.
Man: Let's go faster.
Woman: Okay.
Man: Go!
♪♪
Mm-hmm.
Sean: Does Luan know?
Alexander: No. he's
unaware that the transfer
didn't go through last night.
Sean: How long have we got?
We don't need a war
with the Albanians.
Alexander: Not long.
Luan's in business
with Uche Mossanya...
Sean: Uche Mossanya?
Alexander: 'Mosi'.
Nigerian gangster.
Nasty. The money's owed to him.
Luan's the only person standing
between us at the moment.
Sean: Who the fuck did this?
Who got into our accounts
and stole half a billion?
Alexander: I'm working on it.
We'll find it.
Sean: Where are you?
Alexander: I'm at
the Belvedere Tower
watching the contractors
sign off on the new build.
It's looking very
impressive. Sean.
I think you're going to
be very happy with it.
Sean: We need to stick closer
than ever if we want to survive this.
Alexander: You know you
don't need to say that. Sean.
Sean: Don't I?
You're not always there when
someone takes a shot at me.
♪♪
Alexander: He knows I'm
lying. We can't keep this up.
We should've just told
him in the beginning.
Ed: Told him what. Alex?
That his father didn't
believe in him enough
to trust him with the business?
That he wanted
you to run it instead?
That he was going to run
off and leave his family?
And all while Sean was
preparing his father's grave?
Or should I have told him even
our investors want him dead
and you in charge?
I was protecting him.
Alexander: Fucking Finn.
What if it's worse?
Ed: Worse?
Alexander: You didn't know
about Finn's deal with Luan
and the Albanian family.
What else do you think
Finn hadn't told you?
Must've crossed your mind.
He had both the access and
the knowledge to take that money.
Ed: He's dead. Alex.
Alexander: Doesn't mean he hadn't
already set the wheels in motion.
Ed: Then that would mean...
he fucked us all.
♪♪
Lale:
Hekar.
Hekar!
♪♪
Elliot: The place belonged
to a Tove Frandsen.
Mercenary from Denmark.
Special Forces. When
you raid the place.
you'll find the weapons
cache next to her kids' toys.
The licensed taxi
you were looking for
is registered to a Leif
Hansen at a different address.
Vicky: Okay.
Anything else?
Elliot: Why don't
you look surprised?
Vicky: Someone broke
into my flat a week ago...
took a box cutter to
my mouth. in my sleep.
and sent me the video.
They're trying to
warn me off Floriana.
Elliot: Why didn't you tell me?
Vicky: Finn's murder
enquiry has been shut down.
I don't know who to trust.
Elliot: You can trust me.
Officer: Armed Police!
Officer #2: We have entered
the property at location one.
Officer #3: We're
arriving at second location.
Officer #4: Armed police!
Officer #5: Armed police!
Officer #6: Armed police!
Officer #7: Entering
property two.
♪♪
Officer #8: Clear! Officer
#9: Property one clear.
Officer #10: Starting search
and sweep property two.
♪♪
Officer #11: All clear
property one. Over.
♪♪
Officer #12: All clear. Ma'am.
Vicky: D.I. Chung.
Interesting place.
You live here? Woman: Yes.
I'm a retired nurse.
Vicky: Anyone else?
Woman: My son.
Vicky: Where is he?
Woman: At work.
He's an engineer.
♪♪
Sean: Find Lale.
Elliot:
♪♪
Sean: You find anything?
Elliot: She's not there.
Let's scrub this down.
Everything.
Man: Yes. boss.
Elliot: This never happened.
Sean: This is Asif.
It needs an answer.
Elliot: Yeah. Yeah. it does.
Let me in on it. sort
things out. I can help.
Sean: Yeah. good.
Man: Right. keep looking.
Sean: This is Asif. has to be.
Ed: And we need to
make good with him.
Sean: Asif attacking
Lale is an attack on us.
Ed: No. It's an attack on Lale.
Alexander: You bet
on the wrong dog. mate.
Ed: Now is not the
time for further risks.
You'll just be throwing
petrol on the fire...
One we can't control.
Sean: How close are you
to finding out who
stole the half a billion?
He knows.
Alexander: Mosi is in London.
Half of the money was his.
He'll go after Luan first
but we should be ready.
Man: Take the legs. Man
#2: Come on. man. let's go.
Man: Yeah. Man #2:
Okay. one. two. in.
♪♪
Man: Okay. come on. let's go.
Mosi: Gentlemen.
My money is gone.
The Wallaces. Luan Dushaj. and
the bankers have stolen from me.
They are all thieves. Mm.
Man: Mm. Man #2: Mm.
♪♪
Mosi: Hmm.
Man: Zeus. Enough.
There's no money here.
We're not a bank!
It's just numbers. you see.
Just numbers!
No! No! No! Please!
Please. please. please. no!
No. no!
♪♪
Girl: Dad.
Dad!
This is going to be chaos!
Luan: Please. it's
her birthday today.
Come on. please!
Mirlinda: Oh. thank
you so much! Mwah!
Thank you. thank you. thank you.
This girl will be
spoiled by all of this.
♪♪
Luan:
Mirlinda: Luan?
Luan: It'll be okay.
♪♪
Mosi: I've brought a
gift for the birthday girl.
Something a little different.
Luan: Good to see you. Mosi.
What are you doing here?
Mosi: You thought it would work?
Stealing from me?
Luan: Everything is fine.
the money has gone through.
Mosi: Not my money.
You took it.
Luan: Mosi. please.
that's not possible.
Mosi: You cut us out.
Luan: Then it was a mistake.
Mosi: That you
stole from us. yes.
Luan: No. no. no.
Mosi: Our deal is off.
Luan: We are being set up. man.
Mosi: Repay everything.
Luan: Mosi. this has
to be the Wallaces.
Mosi: Or I butcher
everyone you hold precious.
Every single one of them.
♪♪
What's her name? Bukoroshe:
My name's Bukoroshe.
Mosi: Ahh. Such a pretty name.
Bukoroshe?
Bukoroshe.
♪♪
Bukoroshe: Oh. a puppy!
Mosi:
Bukoroshe: I love him!
Luan: You made a mistake. man.
Mosi: All of the money.
♪♪
Reporter: Where 11 employees
from the Adige Investment House
have been found with their
hands severed at the wrist.
In other news. the
controversial Belvedere Tower
will open today as planned...
♪♪
Luan: You're a fucking liar. Ed.
Where's my money?
You said we had a deal.
I have to kill a
fucking family for this.
You understand?
I should put a fucking
bullet in your brain right now.
Ed: It's not us. Luan.
We don't know where it is.
Luan: What do you
mean you don't know?
Ed: It's gone.
And whoever took your
money. took ours as well.
so killing me won't change that.
♪♪
Luan: I'm out of
fucking time. man.
Mosi won't wait any longer.
You have to help me. Ed. Huh?
Ed: Luan.
Mosi is your problem. not ours.
We are honoring your deal
with Finn. not your deal with Mosi.
When we find out
who took our money.
we'll both claim
back what's ours.
Until then. we're
all on our own.
♪♪
Shannon: So where
are you taking us?
Elliot: Somewhere close.
You'll like it. It's really nice.
Get in there.
Danny: Wow. cool! A motorbike!
Shannon: Careful
on this. please.
Elliot: Alright. where
we going? Danny: Italy.
Elliot: Where in Italy?
Danny: Uh. Rome.
Elliot: Rome! Are you gonna
tell us when we get there. yeah?
Danny: Yep. Elliot: Okay.
Shannon: Uh. Danny?
Danny. Danny: Yeah?
Shannon: Go and see how they're
getting on with our food. yeah?
Danny: Okay. Mum.
Shannon: Good boy.
Elliot: He's a good kid.
♪♪
Shannon: Are you all right?
Elliot:
If... if this all goes wrong...
do you have a fire escape?
Shannon: Why. what's happened?
Elliot: Earlier today. I had to
help get rid of a dozen bodies.
Shannon: Hang on. was
Dad or Alex involved?
Elliot: No. no none of
us were. Shannon: Okay.
Elliot: After Finn's
death. the rivalry...
It's getting worse out there.
Shannon: What is it?
Elliot: That can't ever be you.
♪♪
Shannon: Well...
I've had a bag packed
ever since it went wrong
with Danny's father.
Passports. cash. Danny
and me. we're gone.
So what about your fire escape?
Would you um...
Would you come with us?
And even if it
does go all wrong.
The Wallaces and Dumanis have
been through bad times before.
Dad's been worrying me actually.
He just seems so
lost without Finn.
Elliot: Hey. Come
away from the window.
Shannon: What? Elliot: Come on.
♪♪
Elliot: Hey.
Vicky: We got nothing from
those two addresses you gave me.
No leads. no clues.
Elliot: That house was
packed with evidence.
Vicky: Yeah. by packed
you mean an empty garage
and a hungry eel then
yeah. you are right.
Elliot: So they were expecting
you... which means you have a link.
Why the fuck have you
got a UC following me?
Vicky: What? Elliot:
I should have known
from the beginning...
The way he holds his gun.
making himself
useful. just like me.
Who the fuck put him there?
Vicky: How do you even
know he's undercover?
Elliot: I caught him taking
pictures of me and Shannon.
Vicky: What are you saying?
Elliot: I'm saying that
maybe he's connected with
whoever's cleaned those
houses before you raided them.
I need him pulled out. I
don't care who he works for.
I cannot operate
with him on my back.
Now. he doesn't know
I know about him yet.
I'll set him up. you can arrest
him with a bunch of others-
Vicky: Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Who do you think you are?
That is way too high risk.
Elliot: Me being under
surveillance is too high risk.
This is how UCs get killed.
Do it.
♪♪
Man: He's lost his mind.
He takes a bullet
for Sean Wallace.
then goes above and
beyond and sleeps
with Ed Dumani's daughter.
Man #2: Let me level with him.
If I could work with him we
could do some serious damage.
Man: And what if he chooses
Shannon Dumani and her son...
instead of you?
♪♪
I'm pulling him out.
It might take a
little while to set up.
You'll be briefed on
everything he found out.
and I'll keep you in.
If you're up for it.
♪♪
Marian: Colin.
Been a while.
Woman:
Marian: Typical
warm Irish welcome.
Woman: I always knew
that someday you'd be back.
Marian: Despite the fact you
set me up on a one-way ticket?
Woman: I didn't set you up.
Marian: You didn't
try and stop it.
Woman: They
would've killed us both.
Marian: So best to
have your little sister
blown to pieces instead. hmm?
Woman: You deserved it.
All dead now. that crowd.
Who killed your man?
Marian: I'm still
working on that.
Woman: And now you
want to give us a yacht?
What would we do with a yacht?
Marian: He paid
36 million for it.
Sell it.
You'll get at least
a third of that.
I need your support.
I need your men.
Woman: What have
you done. Marian?
Shit!
♪♪
Man: Everything
all right. Colin?
♪♪
Man #2: Marian fucking
Wallace back from the dead.
Lale: You gave us up!
To Asif!
You gave us up!
Sean: No. No. no. no.
Lale: Then where was the
Wallace protection. huh?
Where?!
Sean: Where is it now?
How did you just get to me?
It's fucked is what it is.
All your people. I saw them.
♪♪
I let you down.
And I'm truly sorry.
♪♪
I can't go against
Asif right now.
There's too much happening.
But I will.
And soon. Lale: I
can't wait for "soon."
Sean: What do you want to do?
Lale: Take what
he most cherishes.
♪♪
Asif: Latest poll
has you in the lead.
Tomorrow you will
sweep to victory.
Nasir: These scum bag
journalists are calling me
"The Galloping Horse" candidate.
Asif: Good slogan!
Backing you to win.
Nasir: Horse is
English slang for heroin.
Asif: Ahh. Nasir: Yeah.
They are linking me to
my drug-dealing father.
Asif: An outrageous slur.
I am not a dealer!
Nasir: And the attack on Lale?
That was your blunt hand. yes?
Asif: That was my strong hand!
Nasir:
♪♪
Woman: You're
gonna want to see this.
Reporter: Shocked by
the escalating violence
on the streets of London.
as highlighted by the
"Adige Investment
House Massacre"...
A police spokesman
suggested a connection
to a surge in violent
gangland crime
following the recent shooting
of businessman Finn Wallace.
who was patron of the
Wallace Foundation.
His body was...
Jevan: They attacked one
the oldest. and most trusted
investment houses in the city.
I mean. do you have
any understanding
of what that will do for
business confidence?
Ed: Yeah. well. maybe
killing Finn Wallace
wasn't such a smart move.
Jevan: Close of business today.
I want to know that
your son is in control.
Or none of you will be.
♪♪
Ed: Alex? Alexander:
It has to be Finn.
And it's not just Luan's
money that's gone...
There's three more
empty accounts.
It's over a billion and a half.
It was Finn Wallace.
No question.
Ed: Alex. don't say anything
to anyone until I get there.
♪♪
Sean: You found anything yet?
Alexander: Oh.
no. no. nothing yet.
Sean: I keep coming
back to Luan's photos.
Alexander: Sean: Look.
That's the one I
keep looking at.
♪♪
That's not who my father was.
Or he had an overwhelming
reason to do what he did.
He was protecting us from
something. something huge.
Dad's big weakness...
He could never confide in
us when things went bad.
You'd tell me. right?
Alexander: Yeah.
Sean: Wallace and Dumani...
No-one can fuck us over.
♪♪
Elliot: I've got a job
for you tomorrow.
We need some guns
picking up from a car park
over in the East End.
Man: Sean's orders?
Elliot: The fuck are you
asking me questions for?
♪♪
Man: Mrs. Wallace has
brought back own army with her.
I'll let Sean know.
♪♪
Elliot: Welcome
back. Mrs. Wallace.
Marian: Get them food.
♪♪
Wait in there.
Sean: Who the fuck are you?
Woman: I work for Mrs. Wallace.
Sean: Fuck's sake.
Who was that?
Who are those men
in the boardroom?
What the fuck have
you been doing?
Marian: Protecting you.
♪♪
I've always known Ed was lying.
Ed: Remember. we
only just found out.
Alexander: Do you think
they'll listen to reason?
Ed: Not a chance.
♪♪
But there's only
one way out of this.
♪♪
Danny: Granny!
Marian: I wasn't
expecting Danny.
Shannon: Oh. I though
it was a family meeting.
Hey!
Yeah. well. I
couldn't get a sitter.
Danny will be fine by
himself in another room.
Sorry. what is the
problem? What's going on?
Marian: Take Danny to
the office and stay with him.
Sean: No. I want
Elliot in the room.
Marian: Just families.
Elliot: Okay.
Let's go. big man.
Shannon: Hi.
Elliot: Let's go!
♪♪
Shannon: Dad. Ed: Hey.
Shannon: Hi.
♪♪
Danny: Elliot. come on!
Elliot: Shh. shh. shh.
Sean: You've got
some explaining to do.
Marian: How long have
you known about Floriana?
Ed: Alexander didn't know any...
Marian: I didn't ask
about Alexander!
Ed: I'd known for
a couple of months.
Marian: You lied to me.
You knew Finn was leaving us.
Ed: He only told me that
on the day he was killed.
Sean: You've known since then?
Ed: I kept it quiet for the sake
of keeping things together.
Marian: You kept it quiet
because you were in on it!
Sean: You two were always
gonna fucking take over.
Alexander: That's not true.
Sean: Oh. I'll get
to you in a minute!
Ed: Sean. I watched you fall
to pieces after Finn's death.
You needed to believe
in him... We all did...
For the sake of the business
I kept back what I knew.
To keep things straight.
Sean: Straight?!
There's nothing's
straight about you.
Look.
You've been tagged since
day one... at Jack's flat.
exact times. Arrives
7:40. departs 9:10.
The night you killed him.
Ed: Jack knew about Finn
and Floriana leaving together.
Again. for the
good of the family.
Marian: Your
meetings with Jevan...
Were they for the
good of the family?
Sean: Whoever tried to kill me
made sure you two went unharmed.
Alexander: We didn't
know that at the time.
Ed: Shh. Alexander:
No. no we've held
back on too much already.
We should have let them
in on things way before this.
Sean: Whoa. whoa.
W-W-What things?
Alexander: When we found
out who killed your father.
that it was the same
people who tried to kill you.
It was our own investors!
Sean: Okay. Okay. So
why didn't you tell me?
Ed: Because. Sean.
you were out of control.
Marian: Out of your control!
♪♪
Ed: What I said at Finn's
funeral about a good man.
those words were
true to me then.
Even though I knew he
wanted a second chance at life.
some old man's fantasy.
with some pretty girl.
but he was still my friend.
Alexander: Until we found
out what he'd really done.
Look. we both knew
that Finn had Luan
kill this boy along
with his family.
What we didn't know
until today. was why.
Finn had created a
parallel business for himself.
It wasn't sustainable.
He robbed some new
investors to pay off the old ones.
including this boy's father.
He stole from him to pay
off an increasing deficit
but he had no intention
of paying him back.
so instead. he had him killed.
Him and his entire family.
But it still wasn't enough.
so he stole the half billion
from Luan and the Nigerians.
I saw that money
disappear in front of my eyes.
We both did.
A couple of timed
bank transfers.
triggered a week after
he would have left.
By the time he
planned to vanish.
he'd taken over a
billion and a half.
Ed: And he took it from each
and every one in this room.
Sean: Okay. okay. okay. So...
If it's true. you knew
today when I asked you.
Alexander: Honestly.
I'd only just found out.
I couldn't find the
words to say it.
I didn't want it to be true.
Sean: No. it's because
it's a fucking lie!
Marian: Sean. you know
how much you mean to...
Sean: Oh. shut up!
Shannon: Oh. fuck off!
Ed: Shannon!
Marian: Your meeting with
Jevan today. what was that about?
Ed: Our investors killed
Finn because he was leaving.
They are prepared to
let the business continue
on condition that Alexander
runs the Wallace Organization.
♪♪
Marian: And Sean?
What did you decide for Sean?
Ed: They don't want
Sean anywhere near it.
♪♪
And neither did Finn.
Elliot: Wait. Sean!
Calm down! It's
alright. calm down!
Alexander: Hey hey hey hey
hey! Shannon: Danny! Danny!
Sean: He was always
jealous of my father. But you?!
You fucking Judas cunt!
If I ever see you
again I'll kill you!
Now take your scum
bag father away.
Ed: Elliot!
Sean: They clear
up their own mess.
Get out of my fucking house!
Ed: Argh!
♪♪
Sean: I don't want you going
near Shannon Dumani ever again.
♪♪
Understood?
Elliot: Understood.
♪♪
Sean: It's you and me now.
Elliot: They'll come after
you. You can't stay here.
♪♪
Marian: Okay. okay.
Sean:
Marian: You're okay.
♪♪
It's okay. it'll be okay.
It's alright.
Sean:
♪♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm